Oran
Will you marry Rachel?
No matter health or disease
Rich or poor
Where are you from?
Then you promise me first
If one day I am gone
You have to take care of yourself
You will say you will
I would.
Hey wait I have something for you
Close your eyes.
OK
Wake up, Euler
Hahahahaha
Lei Fan
You promised me.
Take care of yourself
Only I can replace you.
To change the outcome
I know how important he is to you.
So I'll help you.
It's fixed.
Go wait
I have something for you too
Why did you burn out that skateboard?
Can't you just pick it up and buy another piece?
It was the first thing I stole when I was a kid
I just kept it around.
Actually, you don't have to answer
I can also not be the helper
We go far
I tell you to leave this place of right and wrong
Oh, are you willing to marry Lei Fan as your wife?
I would.
crazy